### Need to migrate away from AirTable. Too limiting.


### Use Postgresql database
#### Tables
  Users (has_many instruments, has_many cities, has_many events)
  Instruments (has_many users)
  Events (has_many users)
  Cities (has_many users)

Event has_many Users
A User can be invited to an event (has a user been invited: boolean)
A User can confirm an invitation to an event (0: invited, 1:accpeted, 2: declined)


# TODOS - UserDetails
- add user "role" column
- ternary user.role logic should be refactored to be reusable.

- figure out how to have empty strings be the default value
- create a new user with the default properties of empty strings

- upload image
- userPhoto
- will probably have to use ActiveStorage along with AWS or GCS
  https://guides.rubyonrails.org/active_storage_overview.html

- ** create user in database **
- ** build create user form **
- ** add create user button **
- ** taxidName **
- ** userBio **

# TODOS - Talents (will be used for instruments, but later can be referred to for other skills)
- generate the table
- primary_talent
- secondary_talent
- other_talents (array of other selections)
- 

# TODOS - Cities
- 
- 
- 
- 

# TODOS - Events
- 
- 
- 
- 

# TODOS - Build login page
- allow an ("role" === "admin") user for PureSoul admins
- allow an ("role" === "fever") user for Fever/Candlelight users
- create default users l/p: "fever"/"fever"
- create default users l/p: "candlelight"/"candlelight"

# PAYROLL
- NOT kendo!
- MUI data-grid

- saving here for later. Will this work?
- https://github.com/euforic/banking.js/
- https://www.npmjs.com/package/banking



What are the needs?
  track invoices shows
    hire order is received
    invoice is generated with unique ID
    track payment in account based on unique ID
    mark payment as received (paid)
    show(gig) date is current and/or passed (gig is done)
    after the gig is complete, musicians can submit autogenerated invoice
    autogenerated invoice is generated with data from gig worksheet
    autogenerated invoice is sent to Accountant (Billy for time being)
    copy invoice sent to musician
    musician invoice is marked as paid


# KNOWN BUGS TO FIX
- going from the userEdit page to createUser page (or any other page in between), the user data persists to the user state. The previous user data is saved to the user state. The problem is suspected to be part of the useMemo function.

- only the first changed value in a component is re-rendered on the UserDetails page. 